In the last section we saw that the NPM install command failed to run because the package JSON file
was not found and we spoke about why that was.
In this section, we're going to figure out how we can make sure that the package JSON file is available
before NPM install is executed inside of the container.
To do so, we're going to add one little instruction to our Docker file.
This is going to be an instruction that we've not used before.
It's the copy instruction.
And as you might guess, the copy instruction is used to move files and folders from our local file
system on your machine to the file system inside of that temporary container that is created during
the build process.
The overall syntax for this is copy, then a path to the folder on your local file system and then the
path that you want to copy that stuff to inside the container.
Right now I'm showing these commands with a dot slash, which means the current working directory.
Now one little technicality here, the path from our folder.
The first argument right here is relative to the build context and you'll recall that I had said that
the build context is the dot right here when we execute Docker build at the terminal.
So build right here means simple web directory or the current working directory.
So we have set the current build context to be simple web.
So then inside the copy command right here, when I say slash, that means the build context, which
is simple web.
I know that's a little bit confusing.
It's essentially kind of like two layers of indirection.
Again, we're going to see a better example of why we would alter this build context stuff in the future.
When we start working on some more complicated projects right now, all we really need to know is that
if we add this right here to our Docker file, we're going to copy everything from our current working
directory into the container, and that's pretty much it.
So let's flip over to our Docker file and we're going to add in this instruction and then try to rebuild
our image.
Now we definitely want to make sure that the package JSON file is available before we run NPM install.
So I'm going to add in the new instruction right above that.
So I'll say copy, dot slash, dot slash.
Again, everything from the current working directory of simple web to the current working directory
inside the container.
All right.
So I'm going to save this and then we're going to try to run the Docker build command again over at
our terminal.
So I'm going to flip back over and I'll do Docker build Dot.
We'll run that.
Now, between the last section and this one, I removed my Alpine image or the node alpine image, so
I had to redownload it.
But after that we should see the copy step.
There it is right there.
We'll then see NPM install.
Now you will notice a couple of little warnings.
The warnings are totally fine.
If you see a notice and then three warnings in a row, that's totally fine.
No issue.
So we've now successfully installed all of our NPM dependencies and then if we keep on scrolling down,
we'll eventually see at the bottom that we have correctly generated this new image and this is the ID
of the new image.
Now remember, it's not really nice to work with IDs all the time.
Let's try running the Docker, build command again, but this time we're going to tag the image.
So I'll say Docker, build dash t, then my Docker ID and then the name of this project which we are
calling Simple Web.
And then I'm going to make sure that I pass in the build context on the very end.
You'll notice I did not put on the colon latest to the tag right there.
It's because remember the colon latest tag is automatically appended if you don't specify it in here.
Now, one thing I just want to remind you about, please don't forget the dot on the very end.
And once you've got that all on there, let enter to rebuild it.
And now we have tagged that newly built image as your Docker ID slash simple web.
So now last thing we're going to do is try to start out that image and get the node server running.
So I'll do a Docker run.
Stephen Grider slash simple web.
All right.
So I very quickly see that the node index command was issued through the NPM start command.
I then see that the server is correctly listing on Port 80.
So I think that we're ready to open up a web browser and test this thing out.
So I'm going to flip on over to my browser and to visit that running application, we should be able
to go to local host Colon 8080.
But once I do, I get a nasty error message that says this site can't be reached.
Well, we definitely got our image built and we are running a container out of it, but we still are
not able to actually visit this port or see the web application running.
So let's take a quick pause right here and we'll continue in the next section and figure out what is
going wrong.